I'm asking about implementing a ReAct-like approach to process and answer a question. ReAct is an example-based reasoning framework that involves thinking about the next step (Thought), taking an action (Action), and observing the results (Observation). This iterative process continues until an answer is found (Finish).
The actions in ReAct include:
Search[entity]: If there's a corresponding Wikipedia page for the entity, return the first five sentences; otherwise, use Wikipedia's search engine to find the top five similar entities.
Look[string]: Return the next sentence from a page that contains the string, simulating the Ctrl+F function in a browser.
Finish[answer]: Conclude the task with the answer.

Here's the examples:
"""
Question: What is the elevation range for the area that the eastern sector of the Colorado orogeny extends into?
Thought: I need to search Colorado orogeny, find the area that the eastern sector of the Colorado orogeny extends into, then find the elevation range of the area.
Action: Search[Colorado orogeny]
Observation: The Colorado orogeny was an episode of mountain building (an orogeny) in Colorado and surrounding areas.
Thought: It does not mention the eastern sector. So I need to look up eastern sector.
Action: Lookup[eastern sector]
Observation: (Result 1 / 1) The eastern sector extends into the High Plains and is called the Central Plains orogeny.
Thought: The eastern sector of Colorado orogeny extends into the High Plains. So I need to search High Plains and find its elevation range.
Action: Search[High Plains]
Observation: High Plains refers to one of two distinct land regions
Thought: I need to instead search High Plains (United States).
Action: Search[High Plains (United States)]
Observation: The High Plains are a subregion of the Great Plains. From east to west, the High Plains rise in elevation from around 1,800 to 7,000 ft (550 to 2,130 m).[3]
Thought: High Plains rise in elevation from around 1,800 to 7,000 ft, so the answer is 1,800 to 7,000 ft.
Action: Finish[1,800 to 7,000 ft]""",
"""
Question: Musician and satirist Allie Goertz wrote a song about the "The Simpsons" character Milhouse, who Matt Groening named after who?
Thought: The question simplifies to "The Simpsons" character Milhouse is named after who. I only need to search Milhouse and find who it is named after.
Action: Search[Milhouse]
Observation: Milhouse Mussolini Van Houten is a recurring character in the Fox animated television series The Simpsons voiced by Pamela Hayden and created by Matt Groening.
Thought: The paragraph does not tell who Milhouse is named after, maybe I can look up "named after".
Action: Lookup[named after]
Observation: (Result 1 / 1) Milhouse was named after U.S. president Richard Nixon, whose middle name was Milhous.
Thought: Milhouse was named after U.S. president Richard Nixon, so the answer is Richard Nixon.
Action: Finish[Richard Nixon]""",
"""
Question: Were Pavel Urysohn and Leonid Levin known for the same type of work?
Thought: I need to search Pavel Urysohn and Leonid Levin, find their types of work, then find if they are the same.
Action: Search[Pavel Urysohn]
Observation: Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn (February 3, 1898 - August 17, 1924) was a Soviet mathematician who is best known for his contributions in dimension theory.
Thought: Pavel Urysohn is a mathematician. I need to search Leonid Levin next and find its type of work.
Action: Search[Leonid Levin]
Observation: Leonid Anatolievich Levin is a Soviet-American mathematician and computer scientist.
Thought: Leonid Levin is a mathematician and computer scientist. So Pavel Urysohn and Leonid Levin have the same type of work.
Action: Finish[yes]""",

